In this video,
we're going to write a MVC Test case for creating grade.
We're going to test for creating a grade
when the subject is invalid.
All right, so let's swing
into our grade book controller test.
And let me zoom in here for a second
and let's go ahead and write this new test.
This is the test where the grade type does not exist
or the actual subject is invalid.
I'll go ahead and perform the post request to /grades
and I'll pass in those three parameters
for grade, grade type, and student ID.
Now notice here the grade type literature,
so that's an invalid subject.
So this should give us an error.
Once I have the model in view
then I can insert the view name.
This should return error.
Now let's go ahead and run this test.
And excellent, so we see that this test passes.
So we covered the case already for trying to create a grade
with an invalid subject.
So I'd like to say good job.